product_dimension/README.rst, before:

=================
Product Dimension
=================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_dimension
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-12-0/product-attribute-12-0-product_dimension
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of product to support dimensions (length, width and height).
Also computes the volume automatically when you change one of these dimensions.

This module was previously hosted on https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-addons
and before that on https://launchpad.net/~ingenieria-adhoc.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module :

#. Go to Product View > Inventory
#. Edit Dimensional UoM and the three dimensions

If the product has got more than one variant, the dimensions (and the volume) are visible only in the variants. 

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_dimension%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* brain-tec AG
* ADHOC SA
* Camptocamp SA

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Juan Jose Scarafia <jjs@ingadhoc.com>
* Leonardo Pistone <leonardo.pistone@camptocamp.com>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Kumar Aberer <kumar.aberer@braintec-group.com>
* `C2i Change 2 improve <https://www.c2i.es>`_:

  * Eduardo Magdalena <emagdalena@c2i.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_dimension>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_dimension: Migration To 13.0
[UPD] Update product_dimension.pot

[UPD] README.rst

product_dimension/README.rst, after:

=================
Product Dimension
=================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_dimension
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-13-0/product-attribute-13-0-product_dimension
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of product to support dimensions (length, width and height).
Also computes the volume automatically when you change one of these dimensions.

This module was previously hosted on https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-addons
and before that on https://launchpad.net/~ingenieria-adhoc.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module :

#. Go to Product View > Inventory
#. Edit Dimensional UoM and the three dimensions

If the product has got more than one variant, the dimensions (and the volume) are visible only in the variants.

Changelog
=========

[ The change log. The goal of this file is to help readers
  understand changes between version. The primary audience is
  end users and integrators. Purely technical changes such as
  code refactoring must not be mentioned here.

  This file may contain ONE level of section titles, underlined
  with the ~ (tilde) character. Other section markers are
  forbidden and will likely break the structure of the README.rst
  or other documents where this fragment is included. ]

13.0.1.0.0 (2020-04-16)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration from Odoo 12.0 to 13.0
* [IMP] Black, isort, prettier

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_dimension%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* brain-tec AG
* ADHOC SA
* Camptocamp SA

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Juan Jose Scarafia <jjs@ingadhoc.com>
* Leonardo Pistone <leonardo.pistone@camptocamp.com>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Kumar Aberer <kumar.aberer@braintec-group.com>
* `C2i Change 2 improve <https://www.c2i.es>`_:

  * Eduardo Magdalena <emagdalena@c2i.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_dimension>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
