product_pricelist_revision/README.rst, before:

==========================
Product Pricelist Revision
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-13-0/product-attribute-13-0-product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a 'Pricelist items' tree view that allows to select several
elements to version them and also to see the percentage 'fixed price'
variation between a version and the previous one.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Settings* and check
   "Multiple Sales Prices per Product" option and
   "Prices computed from formulas" after that.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Products > Pricelists* and create a new Price List.
#. Add a Pricelist Items to that Price List. Set 'Fix Price' value on the field
   'Compute Price' and set a fixed price.
#. Go to the new menu *Sales > Products > Pricelist Items*, select the
   previously created item and click on *Action > Duplicate Item*.
#. In the wizard set 'Date Start', set 'Date End' and set 'Variation %' to
   a value different from 100.
#. Click on 'Apply' and you will see a new Price List Item that is a copy of
   the previous item. In that new Item the value of the 'Fixed Price' field
   will be the previous price plus that price multiplied by the variation
   percentage and the value of the 'Variation %' will contain that value.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_pricelist_revision%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Dauden
  * Ernesto Tejeda

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_pricelist_revision>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] product_pricelist_revision: Applied the new way for digits Before this change on runbot we caught a Warning about deprecated call to decimal_precision.get_precision(<application>)

product_pricelist_revision/README.rst, after:

==========================
Product Pricelist Revision
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-13-0/product-attribute-13-0-product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a 'Pricelist items' tree view that allows to select several
elements to version them and also to see the percentage 'fixed price'
variation between a version and the previous one.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Settings* and check
   "Pricelists" option and "Advanced price rules" after that.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Products > Pricelists* and create a new Price List.
#. Add a Pricelist Items to that Price List. Set 'Fix Price' value on the field
   'Compute Price' and set a fixed price.
#. Go to the new menu *Sales > Products > Pricelist Items*, select the
   previously created item and click on *Action > Duplicate Item*.
#. In the wizard set 'Date Start', set 'Date End' and set 'Variation %' to
   a value different from 100.
#. Click on 'Apply' and you will see a new Price List Item that is a copy of
   the previous item. In that new Item the value of the 'Fixed Price' field
   will be the previous price plus that price multiplied by the variation
   percentage and the value of the 'Variation %' will contain that value.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_pricelist_revision%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Dauden
  * Ernesto Tejeda
  * Carlos Roca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_pricelist_revision>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
