product_supplierinfo_revision/README.rst, before:

=============================
Product Supplierinfo Revision
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_supplierinfo_revision
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-12-0/product-attribute-12-0-product_supplierinfo_revision
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows create revisions of supplier info prices.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module:

#. If you are a purchase manager, and you have checked "Manage Vendor Price"
   in the technical settings of your user, go to *Purchases > Purchase >
   Supplier Pricelist* and select one or more supplier pricelist.
#. Click on Action button and execute the wizard **Duplicate Supplier Info**.
#. Enter date start from which new price will be valid. You can enter date
   end and percent to increase old supplier pricelist.
#. By clicking on Apply button, a new supplier pricelist will be created with
   a price increased accordingly to the percent entered. Old supplier
   pricelist will have a date end from which pricelist will be out of date.
#. You can check supplier pricelists as well as variation percent in the
   product form, by clicking on *Purchase* tab.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_supplierinfo_revision%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Carlos Dauden <carlos.dauden@tecnativa.com>
* Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>
* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@bizzappdev.com>
* Dipen Shah <dipen.shah@bizzappdev.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_supplierinfo_revision>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_supplierinfo_revision: Migration to 13.0
Co-authored-by: João Marques <joao.marques@tecnativa.com>

TT25944

product_supplierinfo_revision/README.rst, after:

=============================
Product Supplierinfo Revision
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_supplierinfo_revision
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-13-0/product-attribute-13-0-product_supplierinfo_revision
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows create revisions of supplier info prices.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module:

#. If you are a purchase manager, and you have checked "Advanced Pricelists"
   in the technical settings of your user, go to *Purchases > Configuration >
   Vendor Pricelists* and select one or more supplier pricelist.
#. Click on Action button and execute the wizard **Duplicate Supplier Info**.
#. Enter date start from which new price will be valid. You can enter date
   end and percent to increase old supplier pricelist.
#. By clicking on Apply button, a new supplier pricelist will be created with
   a price increased accordingly to the percent entered. Old supplier
   pricelist will have a date end from which pricelist will be out of date.
#. You can check supplier pricelists as well as variation percent in the
   product form, by clicking on *Purchase* tab.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/13.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_supplierinfo_revision%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Ruchir Shukla <ruchir@bizzappdev.com>
* Dipen Shah <dipen.shah@bizzappdev.com>
* Tony Galmiche <tony.galmiche@infosaone.com>

* Tecnativa (https://www.tecnativa.com)
  * Carlos Dauden
  * Vicent Cubells
  * João Marques

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/13.0/product_supplierinfo_revision>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
